1

　That day, I found a plastic bag from a convenience store that had been thrown away in a corner of the road.

　Littering is not unusual.

　Local volunteers will do the cleaning.

　There's no need to take it home and throw it away.

　And I wasn't that good, but I approached the plastic bag because the bag was tied up, and it was supposed to only contain garbage, but it was moving around.

　I heard a story from a grandmother, in my neighbor's house. About this and opened the plastic bag, thinking it was a no-brainer.



　Blind eyes looked up at me.



　"Kyuuu!"



　It screamed, looking at me.



　"Not a cat"



　The story I heard the other day was that a kitten made a sound and was found to be thrown away as raw garbage, at the garbage dump. 

　I'm not honestly confident that I can take responsibility for keeping it.

　But I'm not too cold to overlook, so I remembered the story and thus helped the creature, whose former owner seemed to unreasonably abandoned it.



　But it wasn't  a kitten, but a reptile-a lizard.

　I was a student, but I thought that a lizard could make use of the aquarium I used to keep goldfish.



　"Well, a lizard? In this case, it's usually a cat or a dog."



　Go home and take control of my homeDevilbossWhen I told my story to my mother, she told me that.



　"But it's a snake?

　It's not enough. "



　"Here it is, look."



　"Kyururu!"



　I said, taking out the lizard I picked up from the vinyl and showing my belly to my mother.

　There were four legs sticking back and forth, just sorry.

　I don't care, but it's a lizard.



　"Are you not poisonous?"



　My mother did not mind the lizard singing, but asked her.



　"I looked lightly, but I didn't have this poison."



　"But the lizard was a bug?

　Who is going to feed? "



　"I am.

　But it looks like vegetables, and if for some reason I can't feed, I'll ask my mom, but then I just need to raise the vegetables. ''



　After such a loose exchange, I hurriedly prepared a protected lizard gondsuke, referring to the information on the net, so as not to be killed by my senior pet calico cat, Pong as my pet was.



　The next day.

　Gonsuke finds his grandfather trying to escape and slipping in the mouth of Pong.

　I was protected where my grandfather was roasted.



　"Grandpa, this is my pet, don't eat it."



　"Gyuruururu"



　Gonsuke leaks a powerless squeal in my hand.

　My grandfather is a sub-human and half human.

　By the way, it is a splendid oak whether the blood of the sub-human won.

　Born between the orc's grandfather and the ogre's grandmother, he is a human being, no matter where he is, and looks like a dozen people.

　By the way, it seems that my father's wife and mother, the demon king of my house, are lie, really, or have the blood of an angel flowing.

　The maternal grandmother is an angel, and the grandfather seems to be a demonic.

　That's because I've never met her maternal grandparents.

　My mother said that her grandparents, who ran off in forbidden love, then had a mother and had a strict education for her, but she fell in love with her father. However, her mother was opposed to marriage, and she ran away with her father, partly because of her depression.



　It's a mystery of genetics.



　After that, she seemed to live with her paternal grandparents.

　I don't know if it's insulated or if my maternal grandparents are already dead, but there's no interaction anyway.



　By the way, I'm such a mixed race, but it seems that my father's blood was thick.

　He is a person with an ordinary appearance.



　"I thought, what a snack."



　Give me a hundred steps and you know Pon's snack, but don't steal your cat's snack.



　"Write your name properly"



　No, it's not a writing instrument.

　Then check the appearance of Gonsuke.

　Surprisingly, it doesn't seem to hurt.

　Pong comes to me and looks at me proudly, hatefully.

　I caught the deserters, praise me.

　Praise now.

　I tell you that I'm going to moff you.

　I can't help but brush it with a toothbrush that I throw away today after a long time.

　For the time being, Gonsuke rests in the aquarium and looks at him.

　It doesn't hurt, it just looks tired, and most of all, the nearest veterinary clinic is only open today in the afternoon.



　But she didn't need to worry.

　A few minutes later, he started to move well in the aquarium.

　Gonsuke gazes at me through the aquarium.　



　And what to do is to stick to the side of the tank and climb up to the ceiling, which is tightly closed except for the air hole and the air hole.

　While I was looking at what to do, Gonsuke turned his tail into a human hand and pryed open the lid from the inside.

　No, it's bad to say that it's open.

　It was pushed open.



　I see, you escaped like this. I'm dexterous.



　Or rather, the lizards can be magically used recently.

　There are people who can use it for breeding and so on.

　When I was impressed, he came out of the aquarium and Gonsuke stared at him.

　I thought I'd run away, but I didn't do that.

　Are you on guard for Pong?



　And, as if that Pon was careless, he was so old that he cried with a squatting voice, and Gonsuke approached here, feeling terrified.

　Do you understand cats?

　Pong rang again.

　Then he caught himself on Pong's head and stopped moving.



　"Kyuuu!"



　Rang again.

　And a glimpse, Gonsuke looked at me.

　But in an instant, Gonsuke started sleeping on Pon's head.



　"what's with that?"